.TH DEVICESINLAN 1 2020\-01\-09
.SH NAME

.B devicesinlan:
Scans all devices in your LAN. Then you can set an alias to your known devices in order to detect future strange devices in your net.
.SH SYNOPSIS

devicesinlan [\-h] [\-\-version] [\-\-method {PingArp,ScapyArping,Scapy}] [\-\-interface INTERFACE | \-\-add | \-\-remove | \-\-list | \-\-load LOAD | \-\-save SAVE | \-\-reset] [\-\-debug DEBUG]
.SH ОПИСАНИЕ

.PP
If you launch DevicesInLan without parameters a console wizard is launched.
.PP
Morever you can use one of this parameters.
.PP
.B \-\-interface
.PP
.RS
Scans the net of the interface parameter and prints a list of the detected devices.
.RE
.PP
.RS
If a device is not known, it will be showed in red. Devices in green are trusted devices.
.RE
.PP
.B \-\-add
.PP
.RS
Allows to add a known device from console.
.RE
.PP
.B \-\-remove
.PP
.RS
Allows to remove a known device from console.
.RE
.PP
.B \-\-list
.PP
.RS
Shows all known devices in database from console.
.RE
.PP
.B \-\-load
.PP
.RS
Loads a list of known devices in xml format.
.RE
.PP
.B \-\-save
.PP
.RS
Saves the known devices list to a xml file.
.RE
.PP
.B \-\-debug
.PP
.RS
Gives debugging information when running DevicesInLAN. It's deactivated by default
.RE
.PP
.RS
The parameter can take this options: CRITICAL, ERROR, WARNING, INFO, DEBUG.
.RE
.PP
.B \-\-reset
.PP
.RS
Removes all known devices.
.RE
.SH SCAN METHODS

.PP
DevicesInLan can use several methods to scan for devices. You just need to add the \-\-method in console mode.
.PP
.B PingArp
.PP
.RS
It tries to make a socket connection with any device in the lan. Then it searches with 'arp' command the mac information
.RE
.PP
.RS
PingArp method is used in windows and linux versions by default.
.RE
.PP
.B Scapy
.PP
.RS
Uses Scapy to create an ARP request and capture its answer for each ip in the subnet to get macs information.
.RE
.PP
.RS
This method can be used in windows and linux versions, but it needs to be executed with administrator role.
.RE
.PP
.RS
Morever, you need to install 'npcap' in order to execute it in Windows.
.RE
.PP
.B ScapyArping
.PP
.RS
Uses Scapy arping function to create ARP request and capture its answer for each ip in the subnet to get macs information.
.RE
.PP
.RS
This method can be used in windows and linux versions, but it needs to be executed with administrator role.
.RE
.PP
.RS
Morever, you need to install 'npcap' in order to execute it in Windows.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLES

.PP
.B devicesinlan
.PP
.RS
Default command. It uses PingArp method.
.RE
.PP
.B devicesinlan \-\-method ScapyArping
.PP
.RS
It uses ScapyArping method.
.RE
