.TH DEVICESINLAN_GUI 1 2018\-01\-21
.SH NAME

.B devicesinlan_gui:
Scans all devices in your LAN. Then you can set an alias to your known devices in order to detect future strange devices in your net.
.SH SYNOPSIS

devicesinlan_gui [\-\-help] [\-\-version] [\-\-debug DEBUG]
.SH ОПИСАНИЕ

.PP
In the app menu you have the followings features:
.PP
.RS
.B Devices > New Scan
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Searches all devices in tha LAN and show them in a new tab. If some device is not in the known devices list it will be shown with a red background. Devices with a green background are trusted devices
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B Devices > Show devices database
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Shows all known devices in a new tab.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Right click allows you to edit known devices database.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B Devices > Load devices list
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Loads a list of known devices in xml format.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B Devices > Save devices list
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Saves the known devices list to a xml file.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B Devices > Reset database
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Removes all known devices.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
This option erases all known devices in database.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B Configuration > Settings
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
In this dialog you can select your prefered language and you can configure the number of concurrence request.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B Помощь > Помощь
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Shows this help information.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B Help > About
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Shows information about DevicesInLAN license and authors.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B Help > Check for updates
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Checks for updates in DevicesInLan repository.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B Help > Exit
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Exits from program.
.RE
.RE
